### Prerequisites
* Your Samsung Galaxy A10  
* This will NOT work on the A10e or A10s  
* USB-C cable that can do data transfer  
* A computer running Windows XP or later  
* A MicroSD card that's at least 2GB  
* Archiver Like 7-Zip

### Unlocking bootloader
This **WILL** factory reset your phone. Back up any data before continuing.  
* Open Settings, and go to About phone -> Software information  
* Tap "Build number" 7 times  
* Go back, then select "Developer options"  
* Enable "OEM unlocking", and press "Enable" on the warning (if the OEM unlocking option doesn't exist, your phone is not unlockable, likely it was purchased from a carrier like Verizon that restricts unlocking so you cannot continue).  
* Turn off the phone  
* Hold down volume down and volume up, and while doing this, plug the phone into your computer.  
* Once the Warning screen appears, let go of all buttons.  
* Hold down volume up until it says "Unlock bootloader?", then press volume up again.  

### Installing TWRP
You will have to install Odin and the Samsung USB drivers on a computer, which requires Windows XP or later.  
* Turn the phone off  
* Hold down volume down and volume up and plug the phone into your computer.  
* When the Warning screen appears, let go of all buttons.  
* Press volume up to enter download mode.  
* Get twrp-3.7.0_11-0-a10.img from [https://t.me/exynos7885_rec/23?single](https://t.me/exynos7885_rec/23?single). 
* Rename the twrp-file.img to recovery.img then right-click, add to archive using 7-zip and make sure to select .tar. 
* Open Odin, and flash the recovery.tar file in AP.    
* Disable Auto Reboot, Press "Start"  
* When it finishes, Force Reboot By Pressing Vol-down and Power.
* As Soon as the screen goes off, immediately let go of power button and press both vol buttons and boot back to download mode.   
* Download vb-meta disabler [https://t.me/a10grp/339443](https://t.me/a10grp/339443), select that file for AP, and press start again.
* Alternative method: just extract vb-meta.tar to vbmeta.img add both vbmeta.img and recovery.img to a .tar file using 7-zip and flash in AP. 
* When the phone reboots, hold down volume up and power until it boots into TWRP  
* Download Multidisabler copy it to recovery and flash it as well [https://t.me/a10grp/339446](https://t.me/a10grp/339446)

### Installing crDroid
* Download the latest crDroid build from download page  
* Copy the file to a MicroSD card   
* Insert the SD card into your phone.  
* In TWRP, press "Wipe", then "Advanced Wipe"  
* Select "System", "Data", "Cache", and "Dalvik / ART Cache"  
* Swipe to wipe  
* Go back to TWRP's main menu  
* Press "Install" in TWRP  
* Go to "Select Storage", and pick "Micro SD Card"  
* Select the crDroid zip  
* Swipe to install, and wait several minutes for it to install  
* If wanted, you can also install GApps (Nikgapps Recommended).  
