### Prerequisites
* Your Samsung Galaxy A20  
* This will NOT work on the A20e or A20s  
* USB-C cable that can do data transfer  
* A computer running Windows XP or later  
* A MicroSD card that's at least 2GB  

### Unlocking bootloader
This **WILL** factory reset your phone. Back up any data before continuing.  
* Open Settings, and go to About phone -> Software information  
* Tap "Build number" 7 times  
* Go back, then select "Developer options"  
* Enable "OEM unlocking", and press "Enable" on the warning (if the OEM unlocking option doesn't exist, your phone is not unlockable, likely it was purchased from a carrier like Verizon that restricts unlocking so you cannot continue).  
* Turn off the phone  
* Hold down volume down and volume up, and while doing this, plug the phone into your computer.  
* Once the Warning screen appears, let go of all buttons.  
* Hold down volume up until it says "Unlock bootloader?", then press volume up again.  

### Installing TWRP
You will have to install Odin and the Samsung USB drivers on a computer, which requires Windows XP or later.  
* Turn the phone off  
* Hold down volume down and volume up and plug the phone into your computer.  
* When the Warning screen appears, let go of all buttons.  
* Press volume up to enter download mode.  
* Get twrp-3.7.0_9-0-a20.img.tar from [https://twrp.me/samsung/samsunggalaxya20.html](https://twrp.me/samsung/samsunggalaxya20.html).  
* Open Odin, and select the tar file you just downloaded for AP.  
* Go to "Options", and verify "Re-Partition" is unchecked. Having it checked may result in a brick.  
* Press "Start"  
* When it finishes, your phone will reboot back into download mode.  
* Download [https://xdaforums.com/attachments/samsung_vbmeta-tar.5065877](https://xdaforums.com/attachments/samsung_vbmeta-tar.5065877), select that file for AP, and press start again.  
* When the phone reboots, hold down volume up and power until it boots into TWRP  

### Installing crDroid
* Download the latest crDroid build from download page  
* Copy the file to a MicroSD card (ADB sideload doesn't work on some A20's for whatever reason, so it is recommended to use a MicroSD to install crDroid).  
* Insert the SD card into your phone.  
* In TWRP, press "Wipe", then "Advanced Wipe"  
* Select "System", "Data", "Cache", and "Dalvik / ART Cache"  
* Swipe to wipe  
* Go back to TWRP's main menu  
* Press "Install" in TWRP  
* Go to "Select Storage", and pick "Micro SD Card"  
* Select the crDroid zip  
* Swipe to install, and wait several minutes for it to install  
* If wanted, you can also install GApps.  
